-: Welcome back.
In this lecture
we are going to work on the microservices
distributed tracing prerequisites section.
Okay. So we are going into 13 microservices
distributed tracing using AWS X-Ray on
EKS, okay.
So, from introductory part,
we remember that we discussed about
understanding abouts AWS X-Ray services,
understanding about Kubernetes DAM inserts,
and then X-Ray and microservices network design
we have looked into,
and also we have looked into
sample soft service map traces
and then segments in AWS X-Ray.
So the use case we are going to implement here
which we also discussed in the segment section
that we are going to call a get notification app info
from user management service
which will call the notification service notification X-ray.
So which is nothing, but we are going to call a URL
and then like this user management notification X-ray
which will call the notification app info service.
So which we will also send our traces to our X-ray service.
So we are also going to depict one microservice
calling other microservice in our X-ray service map.
We have also seen that in our service map section.
So the list
of dock images we are going to use are with
the stack simplify slash cube user management microservice
and then notification microservice, which are highlighted
with 3 dot 00 , X-ray, my scale db, and
then 3 dot 0 dot 0 AWS X-ray refer
notification microservice.
So with that said
Myas LDBs mandatory when you use this service, right?
So now the prerequisite section includes few things here.
One is your RDS database should be up and running.
So if it is down, so we have created this
as part of our 0, 6 section, right?
So if it is not up and running
just go ahead and then start that RDS service, okay?
And whatever the database you are continuing from beginning.
So that database, if it is stopped for any reason
just go ahead and then start that.
And the second thing is LB ingress controller
and then external DNS.
So if we have seen architecture diagram, we are trying to
depict everything, whatever is possible for us
in AWS perspective.
So we have, as part of this service, we are going to
introduce X-ray, but we have simple email service
we have route 53, we have certificate manager
in the EKS cluster, we have the RDS DB
all this stuff for part of this entire architecture.
So with that said, so application load balancer
is also one section.
Okay? So for that purpose application load balancer
and then external DNS also you should be up and running
and then those should be installed on your
respective EKS cluster.
So every section we are adding this prerequisite step
because, so our
specific templates will ensure
that you, it'll create a application
ingress service only means
like application load balancer related ingress service only.
It is going to create.
So we need to ensure
that our LB ingress controller is running
and also our respective parts related
to external DNS is running
because we are going to DNS resist and then tested.
So external DNS is also running for me in my cluster.
Okay? So with that said
so we have verified our LB ingress controller
and also we have verified our external DNS.
So in our next step we'll focus on core X-ray demo
how we need to run on our AWS EKS cluster.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.